all right folks well we're
here so technically this is the first
teaching uh I gave you guys an in
introduction video obviously if you
haven't watched that one yet go to the
playlist on my YouTube channel and
please watch that one because it'll help
at least establish the in my opinion the
proper expectations that way you
understand what you're getting involved
with here and at least it gives me a
chance to kind of like break the ice and
show you the contrast of what you may be
expecting versus what I intend to
deliver all right so this first
installment is going to be elements to a
trade
setup all right
so coming out of the gate I just want to
let you know this is predominantly going
to be a Futures index trading mentorship
okay the idea is going to be presented
in the scope of paper trading on
tradingview.com
but what you're looking at here this is
thinker swims live data these are actual
executions I made today and I want you
to compare and contrast with what you
see on YouTube and other educat where
they'll tout that they can do this and
they can do that but really I want you
to compare and contrast what you see
here all right so we're looking at
intraday price action for Nasdaq e- mini
Futures and this is actually uh the the
main focus of this mentorship okay um I
believe that this Market is worth
studying I believe it is not just
limited to NASDAQ but I believe it's
useful to learn as
a Trader that views obviously the e-
mini S&P the e- mini Dow future and the
e- mini NASDAQ now e- mini NASDAQ is a
little bit faster a little bit more
aggressive
and even with that you can still trade
it
so I want you to think
about what it means to watch price
action and understand what it's likely
to do before it does it now I'm not
promising you're going to be able to do
that right out of the gate what I'm
going to show you is the compare and
contrast to how I can trade versus what
I'm promising to teach you in this
mentorship how to find specific setups
in your demo account okay or your paper
trading account I'm not trying to entice
you to trade with live funds okay so
that way we know this going
in the teachings will be predominantly
through the school scope of
tradingview.com paper trading module or
just hindsight data now I already know
some of you are oh here we go the
hindsight
guy well what you're looking at here is
actually live executions from today okay
and I want you to think about if you
were able to trade a micro account and
you were trading the Naas deck and you
were able to capture just one of these
moves which one would you like
to learn how to find obviously you
probably look at this and think well I'd
like to do all of them but I want you to
think about which one really stands
out off the entire chart and this is a
one minute chart which one really stands
out I'll give you a moment you can pause
the video and unpause it when you're
ready some of you folks never ever pause
it all right so obviously we can see how
the Market moves from here okay two
orders executed here whenever you see
this this is actually a reversal so if
there is a trade on long it'll reverse
and take you the other direction okay
and then this one here this is a
reversal as
well then another another close and then
another long entry the exit a short
entry and then the cover okay I'd like
for you to consider what it would take
for you to find consistency and how many
handles how many
full handle moves in an index Futures
Contract that would satisfy you and when
I say a handle that's essentially four
ticks the minimum fluctuation in these
markets an example would be if you were
trading the EM S&P and you were trading
obviously the
4450 level and you went long if it went
to
4451 that's a full handle okay or four
ticks or four * $12.50 or $50 per handle
the nas deck is $20 per handle so it's
slightly different but it's faster it
moves a lot more lot more handles a lot
more
aggression now it doesn't always move
faster sometimes we'll have a lethargic
price action in this Indy or another out
of the three that would be the S&P the
NASDAQ and the
Dow I personally don't trade the Dow
that much but there's a lot of my
students that love trading the ym but ym
is the symbol for the Futures Contract
and these three markets have the luxury
for you that may not have the capability
to put up to like
$177,000 margin if you were going to
trade one full contract of the NASDAQ
futures most Brokers unless you're using
a discount broker they're going to
require you to have Deep Pockets and
sense that you're going to have that
about $177,000 and about 12,000 and a
half for an e- Min S&P for Futures
Contract okay you take
basically a fraction of that and you can
trade a micro on each one of these
markets but obviously it reduces the
number of the tick multiplier because
you're trading with a lot less
technically
leverage so I'm going to get into all
that but I just kind of like want to
begin the
conversation informally but also to kind
of like show you what it is that I do
versus what other people do okay
so I'm not trying
to you know point my finger at anyone in
particular but if you look around on
YouTube there are people out there that
try to make a big stink about themselves
and they'll try to
show results that may or may not be real
I'm not here to disparage that they
could be actually trading a live account
I don't personally care but anyone that
trades on think or Swim they can
recognize this chart right
away I posted a results and updated uh
reflection on the Thinker swim or TDM a
trade account and it's on my community
tab I promise I won't beat you up too
much with the community tab but that's
my way of reaching out to you so if you
subscribe to the channel and then when
you subscribe to the channel you want to
toggle all notifications you want to
click that little uh I think it's like a
bell icon and then all notifications
that way anytime I post my community tab
it'll let you know otherwise it won't
let you know so it's it's my replacement
to Twitter which in my opinion
sucks so if we look at the EB and flow
of all this
here where the Market's trading up and
between here and here
it's not a small number of handles it's
a pretty respectful amount of handles
it's not a couple it's not a handful and
then up here it's a reversal and it
comes back down and I buy it back here
in Reverse so I'm selling short
here and I'm buying long
here 740 the 720 that's 20 handles going
long here at 720 I'm abbreviating the
number just for brevity sake getting out
at 732 12
handles then going along
here 756 and then getting out at 784 A2
then going short at
798 and covering at
675 so I'll ask you which one of these
trades do you think is the one that you
want to learn again putting all
aside the idea that you you probably
want to do all of these but I'm not
promising you that okay I'm going to
take you
into how to find this setup
here notice the number of handles I'm
not promising you're going to get this
many handles but the setups and the
logic behind it will help you find these
types of Frameworks framework is the
foundation to a trading model so you
have to have an understanding what is
you're looking for and that's really the
only thing I'm introducing tonight is
the idea of what it is I'm promising to
educate you with so that way you can go
in and find these setups on your own you
will not need to be a slave to some kind
of blackbox system you don't need to be
a part of some kind of signal generating
gimmick you don't need to be a part of a
signal service you can find these on
your own independent that's exactly what
I'm trying to frame in all of my
students I do that with my mentorship
students that paid me for education now
here you are in my YouTube channel I'm
telling you the same thing I'm teaching
Independence that way you're not
requiring any handholding by me once you
understand the rules and you go through
the processes and things I'm going to
teach you how to practice with you will
not need anything except for the chart
itself that's it and that's how in my
opinion and you can argue with this if
you want but I could care less if you
could any of you would challenge the
idea that independent thinking is not
the best way of doing it you want to be
able to be Unshackled okay and if you're
part of a signal service or if you're
part of a approach that requires you to
use a blackbox system you're kind of
held captive aren't you so if you look
at this this
chart is clean except for these little
bubbles actually show you the
transactions you don't really get any
kind
of
well distortion from your reading of
price action I don't have a lot of
graffiti on the chart okay but the main
takeaway here is I want you to
understand that I don't hunt for three
to five handles and consider that
legendary okay now can you be profitable
if you take high frequency trades and
you do those types of Trades absolutely
that's what Algos do algorithms do that
but I'm trying to show you by contrast
that there is a way that you can find
setups that are outside that parameter
of very small little handles and doing
lots of contracts so if you're looking
at this here and this was say you're
trading and you're trading a NASDAQ
micro account you're not making a lot of
money on these swings okay I'm not
making a lot of money on these swings
but I'm able to find these swings and
it's not these small little increments
okay I'm going to teach you skill sets
that Focus primary arily on this okay
you want to find a nice price leg
intraday I'm not promising you how to
buy sell short Buy sell short Buy sell
short that's that's mine okay I'm not
teaching that and I somebody like oh
you're a jerk you're this you're that
whatever I didn't promise that that's
why I set the stage in the first
introduction video so that way we know
what it is I'm teaching you if anyone of
you here don't want to learn how to take
this type of trade you're welcome to not
continue and turn this video off and go
watch whoever okay but I think if you
give it a chance you'll find some
amazing things that bring Clarity to
reading price
action all right so we're looking at the
NASDAQ futures March delivery contract
and this is a trading view chart and if
you've never used tradingview.com the
way you would pull this symbol up is
NQ
h222 okay and and this is a weekly chart
and I want you to think about each week
before the new trading week begins
preferably on the weekend okay the idea
is you want to try to get a read on what
you think that next weekly candle is
going to do is it going to go higher or
is it going to go lower you're not
trying to predict the close of the
weekly candle that's important okay you
just want to see before this weekly
candle opened up all we had was this IND
candle okay do you think that this
candle that would have formed and opened
here is more likely to go higher or
lower obviously with the benefit of
hindsight here but I can tell you all of
my students know we've been looking for
lower prices and I'll just give you a
quick short list as the reasons why
number one seasonality okay seasonal
Tendencies it tends to go down around
this time anyway we also have
discussions about how the fed's going to
raise interest rates stock market does
not like that we're also in earnings
season there's a lot of volatility
because of earnings and those factors
plus the underlying tone of the
marketplace which I'll show you when we
get into the daily chart it
just well it's heavy and this is where
it was going to draw to okay did I
expect this entire range to be delivered
in one week no that's not important the
point is I'm expecting the weekly candle
to expand on the lower end okay okay or
go down and gravitate towards this low
which it hasn't broken yet but I think
that's what we're probably going to aim
for on Sunday's opening going into
Monday's trading so that's where I think
it's drawing
to and that's the component I want you
to focus on with your analysis what is
the market likely to draw to when I say
draw to think of it as price being a
paperclip okay and then you you have
this magnetic impulse that specifically
price levels and seasonality okay
will put on price it'll cause price to
gravitate towards certain levels and the
measure of speed and magnitude that it
moves to get to these levels you learn
that over experience that's not
something I can transfer it's something
you have to practice and see and study
and you get a rhythm for it okay every
educator knows what I mean by that and
every student that's been trained
successfully by any other educator will
not understand exactly what I mean by
that you just get a feel for it it's
experience there's no way of defining
outside of
that in the early stages of your
development you want to at least try to
focus your attention on where that
Weekly candle is going to do now here's
the thing it may start the first half of
the week or maybe just one day expand
lower and if you get a setup in that
that's it you're done that's how you
start working towards consistency no
student ever should try to trade every
single session every single day because
the only thing you're doing is building
an expectation that you're going to be
able to do this every single day
profitably and then if you do get a run
of profitability soon as you get a
losing trade it's going to blow your
mind and you're going to want to correct
it quickly and you're going to start
making irrational decisions and then you
enter that loser cycle I've talked about
many times in the YouTube channel so the
only thing you're looking for is a
likely movement higher or lower based on
on the weekly candle okay that's all
you're
doing that sets your initial bias for
the
week on the daily chart you're looking
for swing highs and swing lows to get
your liquidity and majority of your
trading and the draw on liquidity what
makes the market go higher or lower it's
predominantly found on this time frame
okay so majority of your analysis should
really be linked to this time frame
right here you have to have an
assumption
whether you're going to be expecting
that Weekly candle to expand higher or
lower that's your weekly bi but then you
have to go into the daily chart and
figure out basically where you are in
the grand scheme of things on that
Weekly range expanding higher or
lower because we're looking for lower
prices and we're looking for
weakness the expectation is we want to
see every short-term
low like this would be a shortterm low
this will be a short-term low and
underneath those lows there's going to
be sell stops okay that's liquidity
when I say learn to start looking for
where the Market's going to draw to it's
drawing to one of two things okay it's
drawing to stops which is liquidity or
it's running to an imbalance now what's
that
mean above old highs buy stops below old
lows sell
stops imbalances is something like this
over here where we have one single
candle pass higher and the previous
candle's high is here and the next
candle's low is here so it only went up
one candle nothing moved down the
overlap with that same delivery on that
price candle there so in other words
that's an imbalance it's only going
higher and nothing else is here to
offset that and efficiently deliver
price on the opposite end now you
probably heard of the theory auction
Theory okay and folks hear me try to
communicate some of these things and
they'll run away with oh he's just
talking about auction Theory and it's
not just like when they see me do a
rectangle or a box on chart and you'll
see one in this video it's not supply
and demand okay it's just what it is
you'll see it and you'll know right away
after you've been with me for a couple
weeks that this is entirely unique and
there's nothing else like it and I'm
certain majority of you are going to
fall in love with this
model so we're looking for lower prices
we're looking for an expansion I'm using
the benefit of hindsight but I can
promise you
again this was discussed we were looking
for lower prices in my paid group and if
I did not say that I have a lot of
students that are making YouTube
channels they are welcome to come out
and say I'm a liar so we're looking at
the daily chart we're going to drop down
into the hourly chart okay now what I
have here is a framework for looking at
the weekly range on an hourly chart so
all I did was beginning on midnight New
York time Monday's candle and then
Friday's close and in the beginning of
Friday's trading at midnight okay now
what I'm delineating here is the fact
that we had a nice selloff on
Thursday and the market went into
consolidation
overnight notice what happens here on
Friday this is that old low in the daily
chart that's what we're thinking or
assuming that it's going to draw to
because that daily chart there's lots of
liquidity and large fund Traders large
institutional Traders
institutional mindset investors will be
looking at these old lows and old highs
and liquidity providers will be looking
to take business in around these same
levels so if we know that this level
down here is the old daily low and again
let me take it back up to the chart on
the daily chart that's this low right
here okay by dropping down into the
hourly chart at levels here all I'm
doing is transposing those daily levels
right to this hourly
chart the entire week has been
bearish okay it's been going lower since
the beginning then we had consolidation
in
here the market creates this short-term
high in this short-term low what rests
above that short-term high if you've
taken notes and been paying attention
it's buy stops what's resting below this
low Here Sell stops watch closely the
market trades down initially
and takes out the cell stops why would
it do that
first this is inducing shorts okay so it
Engineers liquidity even
if the idea is that they want to take
the market down to this level if it's
been
consolidating I like to see them do this
type of move here where it drops down
first it's kind of like a sucker play
anybody has a sell stop below here they
want to sell on weakness
they're going to get tripped into the
marketplace so now they're triggered in
short and then they start doing a run
against those Traders and against those
that were already short from this high
so what are they doing the Market's
being driven higher and the algorithms
going to attack that buy stock liquidity
pool why would they want to do that
number one it's going to punish those
individuals here that went
short when it drives Above This High
here it sends all those spy stops into
Market orders flooding the marketplace
that gives a huge influx of willing
buyers at a high price which is the
perfect counterparty to Smart money that
wants to sell at a high price remember
the market wants to go down here so when
it dries up to here those buy stops are
the counterparty or the other side of a
smart money Trader that's wanting to go
short because they're going to sell
short they got to sell it to somebody
wants to buy it at a high price that's
why the market does this okay in your
notes you want to record anytime a
significant price move lower is expected
always anticipate some measure of a stop
hunt on buy stops or a short-term High
being taken out obviously it's reversed
when you're looking for higher prices
generally you'll see a shortterm low
taken out and sell stops taken before
you see a very pronounced rally High
higher don't take my word for it go
through your charts and you'll see it's
actually occurring almost on a daily
basis so we're going to drop down into a
15-minute time frame so that same old
low level down here and that high I just
mentioned on the hourly chart and the
low on the hourly chart is now been
defined with a small little line segment
okay so we have a trend line here and a
trend line here that's the extent of a
trend line that's it I only use them to
highlight to my students these levels
are not on my chart I'm watching a naked
chart
okay you while you're developing you
should have these levels drawn out in
your chart because it helps you build
and ingrain the idea that this is where
liquidity is it keeps you focused on
that because it's easy to look at all
these candles forming if you have the
luxury of watching it in life and you
can lose sight of where you are and mean
once you lose your bearings it's really
confusing and this helps you keep those
bearings in mind and what do I mean by
that well I mentioned how the market
dropped down initially and that takes
the sell stops out so sell side
liquidity has been attacked Traders are
now tripped in going short if they sold
on a break trying to be a breakout
artist and then the algorithms go right
back up to an area where it's been
cleanly delivered relative equal highs
see how this High here right before it
dropped is basically the same high here
notice that so retail Traders see this
and they trust it as what
resistance so the books always say put
your buy stop if you're going to go
short right above and clear level of
resistance well these levels work for a
short period of time but majority of the
time you see this event right here and
this is how I teach my students to go in
there and look for those types of events
because what did I just tell you a
moments ago about looking for
significant price moves before there's a
significant price move of any real
magnitude or
importance generally there's going to be
a hunt that takes place right before
that price delivery occurs so what does
it look like you have relative equal
highs this high and this High the market
goes up when we're what we're expecting
lower prices on that Weekly chart we're
on the last day of the week it's already
been heavy it's weak and the only thing
it's been doing is consolidate and the
first thing it did was broke out to the
downside tripping what traders in a
breakout to go short so now they have
Traders caught on the wrong side offs
side and now they want to take the
market up here where those buy stops are
going to be resting for those that were
smart enough to sell short here or here
and didn't get out below here so the
larger pool of liquidity is going to be
resting here because it's in sync with
the downtrend and everybody that was
short the day
before they seen this High form and once
it broke below this low here they all
rushed and Trail their stop loss right
above that and I understand if you're
new and you think well this is easy to
explain in hindsight but I want to
remind you go back and look at the first
slide I showed you those were actual
entries that's a live account through
thinker swim Charles swab that was the
clearing firm that did the broker side
of the business okay so I'm not showing
you a demo account I'm not showing you
paper trading that those were real
entries okay they were real reversals
the whole business but the main thing
was I showed you that larger trade this
is going to be the framework that I'm
teaching you how to find it okay but
this pool of liquidity once this occurs
you want to drop down to your lower time
frames and start looking for something
specific and let's go into those lower
time frames and find out what that
is okay here's a two-minute chart why a
two-minute chart well 2 minute 1 minute
or 3 minute or five five minutes still
has a lot of room for imbalances to
occur underneath that time frame and
what do I mean by that the one minute 2
minute 3 minute chart tends to be the
best for finding the imbalances for
indices okay don't take my word for that
okay if you're looking for high
frequency setups intraday the one two or
3 minute chart are just beautiful they
just offer a real good Clarity the
reason why because the high frequency
trading algorithms are operating on
nothing really higher than 3 minutes
majority of the time they're like
seconds okay 15c 30 second 45 second 60c
intervals okay and what they're looking
for are these small little imbalances
and what does that look like well we
have that run on the buy stops here okay
remember that old high here the old high
here old high here it runs right on
through that once this occurs on that
higher time frame 15-minute time
frame you want to drop down to the lower
time frames and I'm using the two-minute
chart because this is exactly what I was
using to find that imbalance and trade
off of it
okay the market creates a short-term low
here here and then it breaks below that
this is key this is called a break in
Market structure now the foundations and
underlying framework is we're in a
market that's what weekly bearish we're
expecting that Weekly candle to expand
lower it's been expanding all week so we
have momentum on our
side we have a consolidation that's
occurred and we had a pull liquidity
engineered with these relative equal
highs and the market broke out to the
downside first and then they ran on the
highs so once it went here we don't rush
in there just go short because it went
above old highs we're looking for some
specific signature that tips its hand to
you okay and I promise you when you
start going through your charts and it's
going to be homework for you you're
going to see this occurring almost every
single day and if it's not doing it this
way it's doing it the opposite direction
as a buy okay again don't take my word
for it you're going to be flabbergasted
you like that flabbergasted when you see
how many times this thing forms every
single week okay it's many times
throughout the intraday charts it
creates this type of move but it runs
the stops then we have a short-term low
and then it breaks below it so now we
have a Breakin Market structure okay
once this low is broken you're going to
look for this little area here that's
that imbalance I mentioned in the
beginning right so what's happening is
the Market's going to go right up inside
that area there and that's where you
want to sell now if you don't sell there
you can drop down to a lower time frame
one minute chart if this was a 3 minute
chart you can go down to a one minute
chart and look for that to occur on that
time frame as well and it many times
will form if you're looking at a lower
time frame like say this was a 5-minute
chart and you looked at a one minute
chart you'd find one down in here it's a
matter of scaling down in your time
frames because once you have an
underlying premise to the market now
likely to go lower it becomes an easy
thing to look for these types of things
so in your chart once you're developing
this idea and and learning it you're
going to highlight this candle's low
this candle's high and this right here
is what I teach my students as a fair
value Gap okay you don't have those in
books okay you don't have any of that
kind of stuff out there it's something I
introduced back in
2016 and obviously a lot of people
discovered how good it is and they try
to make courses with it but I'm going to
not touch that right here but the idea
is once it go up into that imbalance
there and once it does that soon as it
enters that
area the algorithm that delivers price
now some of you may not know what that
means and some of you may not even agree
with it you may think that this is made
up or it's contrived I promise you if
you spend time with this you're going to
quickly come to the conclusion that
there absolutely is an algorithm and
it's manipulating the markets every
single day every single tick it's
completely controlled okay period you're
led to believe it's buying and selling
pressure now if I go back and use that
analogy where it went down here first
then go up here some of you may argue
see that's the buying and selling
pressure no it's not it's liquidity now
you may argue and say well we're arguing
semantics no I'm telling you what's
going on this is the logic this is how
these markets book
okay once you see these patterns over
and over and over again it's very easy
to execute on them but the impulse to
want to do it the first time you see it
because you watch this video that is
going to be problematic for you so
you're going to have to do a certain
number of weeks and months of back
testing there's no escaping that you
have to do it any skill set any teacher
educator system whatever okay whatever
they're going to give you there's going
to be some kind of growing period where
you have to trial and error fix the
problems that you have about yourself
and I've literally taken your attention
to a very specific framework and setup
notice that some of you may think I'm
still talking too much but I'm taking
you right into the heart of the matter
this is what it looks like this is what
you're looking for okay these are the
Fingerprints of that
setup these
repeat so if you know what they are and
what those components are that make up
this
setup you'll be able to find them but
focus on the imbalance after the market
structure breaks so this big candle here
it breaks
down look at the next candle it opens
and trades higher and stops right there
so from this candle's low and this
candle's High when this candle starts
trading soon as it opens and it runs
right up into that that's a short you
can go right in there and sell short be
done now where's your stock going to be
well you can put it above this High here
or you can put it above this candle's
High whichever your risk parameters
allow for okay um if you're trading the
micro which is again it's not a lot of
money per tip so the multiplier for that
is very very small if you trade the
larger full Futures cont cont and if it
moves 100
points and it can do it real quick it
can burn you pretty bad so you may have
the leverage to trade with a discount
broker okay you may have the initial
margin to trade with a discount broker
but you may not have the wherewithal and
the skill set to navigate this market
and that's the only thing I'm trying to
provide here as an alternative because
there's a lot of individuals outs there
that will promote the idea that you can
go out there with a discount broker and
just clean up yeah if you know what
you're doing but you don't need a
discount broker to be profitable
okay looking at this further we're going
to look at the logic in here and I want
you to think about after this forms and
you see that as your choice setup or
entry if it starts to move lower you can
still get in it there's no reason not to
think that you know you can't get in it
here or in here it's close to or in
close proximity to where that area is as
an entry once we take out a low though
once that occurs then it becomes a
matter of your chasing price and if you
try to get in especially if you like
using Market order you may see it trade
right to this low and say okay now I
believe it's going to go down you put a
market order in the sell short then
slippage gets you down here that creates
a larger area of risk that you have to
assume and it's just it's problematic
you want to learn to trust going short
when the Market's going higher and that
feels scary at first but once you start
seeing this pattern form it becomes easy
to trust it and in in fact that you want
to be doing that you want to be selling
short expecting lower prices right when
the candle's going up and Retail Traders
can't grasp that many times it's just
like it goes against the logic because
they think I got to have confirmation
all the books say I have to have
confirmation and that's somebody that's
coming in late that's someone that
doesn't have a read price they can't
really follow it and usually they're the
people that will trade short with
additional shell you know sell stops
they'll put sell stops below the
marketplace and then that's a momentum
entry for them and it's kind of like a
no-brainer in fast markets it yeah it
works but if you don't know what you're
doing you try to do that in a market
that's consolidating or about the
reverse it hands you your backside okay
so if you're looking at this framework
here and we've taken the buy stots we
have our entry pattern here what would
you be looking for as a downside
objective well I'm going to teach you
the liquidity Matrix okay and sounds
pretty cool sounds neat and all that but
watch what it is this here is your range
this is the low of the day and this is
the high of the day thus far so if we
take that range and split it from the
low to the high to get the midpoint all
this can be determined by a simple 50
level on a Fibonacci so you drag your
Fib from this high down to that low or
vice versa and have your 50 level
highlighted then anything above that 50
level this is referred to from an
algorithmic stance as a premium Market
it means is expensive now markets can
stay in a premium for a while and not go
to a discount which would be below the
50 point okay 50% anything down here is
a
discount if you're bearish if you're
ever going short you want to look at the
previous range where are you at inside
that range so when this formed here that
little fair value Gap once that
formed you're thinking okay we are in a
premium so algorithms will want want to
go to a discount that's the opposing
side of the marketplace so if it's going
short here it's driving the market lower
what does that mean the algorithm is
going to start pricing lower you can
have all the buyers in the world come in
if the algorithm is in a sell program
and it's going lower it does not matter
it's going to repic lower and lower and
lower and then what will happen is those
buyers that may come in with a huge
influx of volume they're going to get
crushed and they get squeezed you ever
hear that term oh this is a bear squeeze
this is a bull squeeze all that is an
excuse for them not to know why the
algorithm is doing what it's doing
that's it that's all it is it's an out
okay I'm telling you this is what's
really going on so the Market's moving
from this premium high this specific
entry point to a level below the 50 of
this range this low and this high now I
want you to again go back and Rewind the
video once we're done and look at that
execution page where I showed you my
entries going back and forth up and down
up and down and where I got out at where
I got in at okay I want you to think
about what below this level here the 50
level what is resting below
here cell stops so now think about the
idea of Someone Like You and I that
would see this ideal entry as a short we
have to sell to get in that short how do
we get out of that short we got to buy
it back or cover it by buying
well we're going to find willing sellers
at a low price relative to this point
here they're willing already sitting
down there with their sell stops right
below that
low now look closely what else resides
right near that
low do you see it pause the video before
I show it to you because it kind of
ruins the experience because if you find
it and I don't tell it it feels
good right there is that imbalance I
mentioned
okay it's only one single candle passing
up and the previous candle's High and
the next candle's low that area right
there is an imbalance from this area
here it went down below the 50 level and
attacked these cell stops and completely
closed in this imbalance so every point
of this candle's High to this candle's
low that range with the candle only
going up that's a by side
imbalance it has to have an equal
delivery to be efficiently priced and
booked by the algorithm it goes down and
completely closes it back in with down
movement notice the candle on this here
it opens and then trades down so it
fulfills its role of balancing the buy
side offering now the sells side
offering so that is an efficiently
delivered price
move Precision elements from the entry
here down to here everything else after
that for the rest of the day I didn't
care about even though I had an
objective of that old daily low I wasn't
expecting it to run into it this
particular day and that's why I didn't
participate anymore the rest of the day
in hindsight I wish I would have left a
small position on and just let it go but
you're going to have that you're never
going to be right about everything all
the time every single day you're going
to leave things on the table you're
going to get in too early you're going
to hold too long you're not going to buy
enough you're not going to sell enough
there's always going to be some reasons
why you didn't do something right so
don't beat yourself up about it okay but
if you can find elements like this
repeat in the price action can you agree
with me that that is amazing precision
and this is the logic I used to do that
trade the very trade that I showed you
that was the largest one in the example
of saying which one would you rather
learn how to
do I basically just handed you an ATM
machine
okay this repeats every single week
every single week now I want you to
count the number of the Handles in this
move let's say you got in at uh well
this say you got in at 800
14,800 it started to go down you trust
it okay we're going to go short ideally
you want to enter as it goes into that
but it's going to take time for you to
trust
that but let's say you got in at
14,800 if you got out down here like I
did I exited as it went right to the top
of that range right here this range here
that's the top of it once went below
that that was it for me that closed the
trade is that five handles is that 10
handles is that 20 handles is that 30
handles is that 50
handles
no it's over 100 and
something
now let's assume for a moment that you
get good at this or I get the
inclination that I want to go to some
kind of a deep discount broker
and I go in I do trades like this and
I'm putting on 15 to
25 full Futures contracts what do you
think the results are going to
be yep so not everything is going to be
easy right away and you're not going to
be able to see these things happen just
because you sit in front of the charts
you have to study and you have to
practice and by experience of looking at
Old moves and watching real price action
as best as you can if you can't watch it
live trading view has a replay button
where you can watch the candles kind of
form but they're they're little stilted
because it's not completely painting the
candle okay and you can't practice with
entering like that you can only just
study how price moved and gravitated
towards certain levels it's the best
thing you can have if you if you at
least consider doing that much that's
good but if you really want to take it
to the next level and say you're running
a business or if you're going to school
or you have a job and you can't watch
the time frame around the opening of the
index Futures and I like watching it
around 8:30 in the morning New York
local time to 11:00 there's usually a
setup in there that I'm going to be able
to find obviously You' seen I did
multiple setups and executions today but
the point is this that's like that sweet
little spot in the morning that I focus
on I teach that in this YouTube channel
I teach it in my my paid mentorship
group so you're getting real stuff here
it's not something that was contrive I
didn't just make it up because this day
worked out in my favor my students
recognize these things also
and these are simple elements that
repeat what you're looking for is a run
on liquidity buy stops or sell stops if
you're bearish you're looking for buy
stops to be ran then a break-in Market
structure lower a short-term low being
broken that's what it looks like right
here shortterm swing low we have a
candle High I'm sorry a candle higher to
the left with with its low here then you
have the low of this candle and the next
candle's higher low than this one so you
have a swing low formed if you have that
and then you have a break below that if
it happens that creates a gap like this
that's what you're looking for when it
trades up into that you can go short or
if you want to use cell stops you can
use a cell stop in this candle here and
this let it trip you in and then use the
high of that candle as your stop that
may be too wide for you but I I
mentioned the logic around this is
you're using a micro okay micros aren't
that big of a deal it's not a lot of
money okay you're not risking a full
Futures leverage it's very very small so
if you're looking at these types of
setups and you can find them forming
repeatedly over and over and over again
and you study them you're going to see
that you don't need to get these little
five handle moves these little 10 handle
moves you can make a living doing that
don't get me wrong I'm not trying to say
that people cannot be profitable and
wildly profitable but when you learn how
to do something like this and you're
able to pull down this number of
handles and then you have sound money
management nothing compares to it folks
these are the things that I use when you
watched on when I was on Twitter and I
ran up the demo accounts really high
these are types of setups I was using
these types of setups and as the account
grew it was more demo account leverage
well I'm not using a demo account right
now I'm showing you with a think or Swim
and anybody that knows think or Swim
when I'm showing you those screenshots
the paper trading shows as orange
everything on that page is orange when
it's a live account it's green okay also
here's the rub with a demo account it's
just demo demo demo demo okay
I am not trying to promote the idea that
you're going to get rich notice that
account hasn't gone Bonkers it hasn't
ran up to a million dollars because this
mentorship is to hopefully inspire you
to pick up a skill that if you deem it
useful and you decide at your own
discretion and your own timing and you
assume that risk on your own because I'm
not going to tell you to do this if you
decide to get really good at this and
you put money behind it that's a skill
set that could I'm not promising but it
could alleviate some of the problems
with what I believe is coming in terms
of financial hardship not just in
America but everywhere jobs are getting
harder and harder to have the economy is
a mess so how do we answer that how do
we get another income stream coming in
this is in my opinion this is one of the
ways that you can at least investigate
the idea of doing it all right so I'm
going to give you some homework in
closing I want you to go through all of
the e- mini Futures Contract charts okay
just like I showed you here these time
frames go back and look at the
presentation and see what the time
frames I gave you listen to what I gave
you in terms of audio
commentary that is enough in fact I gave
you a ton and it may have your head
spinning if you're brand new to me or if
you're brand new to technical analysis
or trading me feel like man is too fast
do not send me an email I promise you
the lessons I have planned will help
eliminate and answer majority of the
things you're going to ask
just try to study and keep up with the
pace that I'm going to put you through
which isn't going to be all that bad
but as we progress deeper into the
teachings many of the questions that are
going to come up or when you start going
into the homework assignment where
you're looking at old data an intraday
chart is anything less than a daily
chart so like a 4H hour chart that's
intraday 1 hour chart that's intraday 5
minute 3 minute 2 minute 1 minute all
those time frames are intraday what
you're going to be looking for are
breaks in Market structure after a pool
of liquidity okay buy stops or sell
stops have been taken in an opposing
direction of your weekly expected range
in other words are you expecting higher
prices or lower prices on the weekly
range so if you're looking for lower
prices your focus is on a run above an
old high once that forms then you're
looking for a break- in Market structure
on a lower time frame once that occurs
and you have an imbalance that's your
trigger okay and then you split that
range that was created find out where
the 50% is and then if you're selling
short you want to find something like an
old low or an imbalance to aim for as
your Target and you want to get the
closest Target don't try to get fancy
and say okay well I think it's going to
go down to that lowest low and try to
use that for your exit because sometimes
these markets can deny you that so lwh
hanging fruit is how I teach you want to
have the easiest Target and then allow
the market to
go farther and you just not be a part of
it it's okay is is 125 130 Handles in an
index not good
enough I think it's good enough but I'm
probably just biased but the homework
assignment is again you going through
the charts using the logic I framed in
this introduction lesson looking for
Breakin Market structure I also have
lessons in this YouTube channel that
talks about Market structure breaks and
things like that and then you're going
to look for the imbalance in price which
is that fair value cap then you're going
to determine where an opposing high or
low resides than log and back test the
number of handles you see in hindsight
examples and other words how much did it
offer and you're going to get a
collection of doing that the next lesson
I'm actually going to show you how to go
back into the charts and look for them
how to log them in your journal and give
you more insights about how you can find
these setups that repeat every single
week okay so again I'm going to build on
this foundation in the next episode The
Next Episode will will be next Tuesday
and the time upload will be 10:00 New
York local time hopefully you've enjoyed
this one until I'll talk to you next
time I wish you good luck and good
training